[VELDORBELL growls]
[VELDORBELL]
Why can't I make this work?
I see. It doesn't exist within
me. The work's inauthentic.
If only I were alive during
the time of knights.
Been present to witness myths
and legends being born.
But at last I found it...
Infinite Dendrogram.
[GOBLIN growls]
[VELDORBELL] This is the world
I'd been searching for,
where I can experience
what I had
previously only been
able to envision.
[MARIE panting]
[MARIE] Dammit. No matter
how much I shoot,
none of my bullets
are hitting him!
♪
[MARIE] Must be one of his
Embryo's abilities,
a sound attack that uses
huge shockwaves.
He also has that
vibration field.
I imagine he'll keep it
raised till I'm dead.
No chance for a sneak attack.
On top of that,
there are at least
two other attacks mixed in.
[screeching]
[MARIE]
Sound‐based hypnosis.
[MARIE grunts]
[MARIE]
And an ultrasonic scalpel.
[MARIE grunts]
[MARIE] A Type Legion with
multiple units, each using
a different skill.
It's not an ideal situation.
I'm honestly feeling a little
overmatched at the moment.
Well, I've gotta admit,
the music is enchanting.
Makes me wonder if it only
sounds good thanks to your
skills as King of Orchestras.
[VELDORBELL]
I'll take credit.
At the very least,
I wrote the score myself.
[MARIE ] Well, it's impressive.
But now I'm even more confused.
Why is someone
with your abilities
allied with a clan
that produces robots?
[VELDORBELL] Because Franklin
might have what it takes
to become a hero.
Are you serious?
[VELDORBELL] Yes. And when
the moment finally arrives,
I'll be there to see the birth
of a true champion.
[MARIE]
Is he out of MP?
[VELDORBELL]
Percussion solo.
String and Wind,
begin tuning up.
[MARIE gasps]
[MARIE]
Must be a low‐frequency,
high volume sound
inaudible to humans.
But where is it coming from?
♪
[MARIE]
There's a fourth one!
[MARIE] I see, the mask,
it works by fooling you
into thinking that the bird's
not missing.
A quartet of musical animals.
Veldorbell's Embryo is...
[VELDORBELL]
Bremen. Percussion!
♪
[MARIE grunting]
[MARIE] What do you mean
"suspending publication"?
[EDITOR B]
I know, Nagisa. I'm sorry.
[MARIE] And with those words,
my first series came to a close,
along with the magazine
that was running it.
Two years of work, only to
meet an unceremonious end.
I was devastated.
But you know what they say.
When one door closes,
another one opens.
[EDITOR A] How would you feel
about our magazine
serializing your manga?
[gasps] The answer's "yes"!
Of course!
I suppose we ought to
meet up and...
[MARIE]
Naturally, I agreed right away.
However, there was
another major problem
that was about to
rear its ugly head.
[MARIE grunting]
[MARIE]
The fact was,
I wasn't able to illustrate
my manga anymore.
When the first part
of the series ended,
in a way, it felt like
Marie Adler did as well.
No matter how hard I tried,
her character remained
motionless on the page.
Please. God, I'm begging
you. I need your help.
Show me a path I can follow
to make this happen.
The only thing I want in life is
to finish telling Marie's story.
Allow me the chance
to understand her.
[MARIE] That's when I remembered
there was a game
that could provide me
the opportunity.
My hope was Infinite Dendrogram
would deliver
what it advertised‐‐
unique possibilities.
Living through a
character's eyes.
Which could help me regain
what I'd lost sight of.
The continuation of my manga.
I named my avatar "Marie Adler,"
and even patterned
my speech after hers.
By roleplaying as my character,
I felt there was a chance
I'd notice something.
Anything that might be able
breathe life back into her.
While the manga hasn't
been added to yet,
every moment I spend
in Dendrogram,
I can feel her heart,
beating again. Inside me.
Inside Marie Adler.
That alone is reason enough
for me to stay here.
[VELDORBELL]
Sound Search, on.
[VELDORBELL] No one's there.
Heart Beat Palpitation. Cancel.
Well, Killing her didn't
come cheap.
[groans]
[VELDORBELL]
Heart Beat Palpitation!
She's alive?
Who are you?
By my count, that should take
care of your defensive items.
[VELDORBELL] How did you survive
my ultimate skill?
Y'know, one day, I hope I
can figure that out, too!
[MARIE]
Of course, I'd never reveal my
ultimate job skill to him.
Art of Vanishing allows me
to disappear from
the world entirely. Only thing
is, it chews up my SP.
[MARIE] No matter what, I need
to kill him here and now!
[VELDORBELL]
Death is not an option for me.
Tonight, a new legend
will be born.
A nation is on the
verge of collapse.
Making my exit before that
historical event is burnt into
my retinas, etched in my very
soul, would be unthinkable.
I must bear witness
to this moment.
Otherwise I will never be able
to complete my life's work.
Your work?
It might surprise you just how
much we actually have in common.
Regardless, I'm still gonna have
to ask you to leave, old timer.
No offense.
[VELDORBELL] Impudent girl.
Final Orchestra!
♪
I wasn't really asking so
much as letting you know
I'm drawing the curtain
on your act.
Arc‐en‐Ciel! Daisy Scarlet,
fire the Explosion Death!
[VELDORBELL]
Bremen! Wind!
But... how?
[MARIE]
Looks like it's my win.
[VELDORBELL] How are you
still alive after hearing
Wind's music? It's supposed to
make you throw your life away.
Yeah, sorry about that,
but neither of us ended up
hearing your little
murder melody.
Don't get me wrong.
It's not like I wouldn't mind
listening to a song that's to
die for. But not tonight.
[VELDORBELL]
How could you've missed it?
Her explosions blow away
the surrounding atmosphere,
so sound can't travel,
like a giant vacuum wall.
[VELDORBELL laughs]
Then you missed out
on a masterpiece. Philistine.
Art's subjective. Farewell,
King of Orchestras.
[gunshot]
[FRANKLIN]
Looks like we lost Veldorbell.
Though, it wasn't a total waste.
Considering her opponent,
I doubt the battle left
the Superior Killer
with enough power
to fight me head‐on anymore.
Plus, I don't think we'll
have to be concerned about
any other exceptions
at her level.
At the most I only
have to be wary of
one or two Superiors.
Not to mention Ray Starling.
I'll admit it, giving him
dog ears was a big mistake.
Should've gone with
an instadeath potion.
First he interfered with
the whole Liliana incident
and now tonight...
Still. Not like it matters.
RSK is complete and ready to go.
[FRANKLIN]
What a spectacle! Bravo!
Ha!
[FRANKLIN]
You might as well shatter them.
[HUGO] I felt it was more
important to conserve ammo.
[FRANKLIN] So, what's your
setting right now?
[HUGO] Only targeting
Masters not affiliated
with the Triangle of Wisdom.
Before this crowd showed up,
I let tians from the Royal
Guard pass through.
That might be for the best.
Attacking tians
outside of war gets you
on the wanted list, after all.
And by the way, do me a favor
and tweak the setting a bit.
[HUGO]
How so?
Make sure Ray Starling
passes through.
Why him?
Because I'm going to smash
the twerp myself, obviously.
Very well, sis‐‐
[FRANKLIN] Yu, in here, you
address me as "Leader."
[HUGO]
Yes. Leader.
[FRANKLIN]
Now here's a sight!
You're the one they call
Franklin, I presume?
And Dendro's number one
most eligible bachelor.
[LILIANA] We'll be taking
Her Highness Elizabeth back.
Yeah, I don't see
that happening.
If you refuse to cooperate,
then we'll take her by force!
Little dangerous,
don't you think?
No need to worry.
As soldiers of the Royal Guard,
we're bound by magic
that prevents us
from ever harming a member
of Altar's royal family.
[FRANKLIN] Friendly fire's
disabled? That's no fair.
[LILIANA] However, the mere
act of pointing my blade
in Her Highness's direction
causes me pain,
so I'd appreciate it
if you'd let her go!
[FRANKLIN laughs]
Hell no!
Grand Cross it is then!
[FRANKLIN screaming]
[FRANKLIN]
That was a close call.
Good thing I had a Lifesaving
Brooch. Between you...
And that Superior Killer...
Today's been absolute
murder on my wallet.
Royal Guard, charge!
[SOLDIERS yelling]
Right when I wanted to take
this baby out for a test drive.
Call: RSK!
[YURI]
My name is Yuri Gautier.
I was born in the south of
France to an upper‐class family.
My father was a self‐made man
who managed to accrue
considerable wealth.
My mother was an
ex‐theater actress.
From a young age I could see
she was beautiful and kind.
My older sister had both
brains and looks
and I'd often boast about her.
By all appearances, we were
the kind of family anybody
would envy, but the truth was
a much different story.
In reality,
my father was a tyrant
who often horribly
mistreated my mother.
She bore it all the
while trying her best
to hide the pain
from her daughters.
My sister was always kind
and caring towards me,
but I sensed she had
her own worries.
When our pet iguana died,
our grandfather made
a plaster figurine of it.
Which delighted
my grieving sister.
The gift led to her learning
the craft, and within no time
she was creating
plaster animals of her own.
[YURI'S FATHER] How long
can you keep doing this?
We've already arranged
your marriage!
You think your future
husband will love you
if you stink of
paint and plaster?
[YURI] Soon after,
my sister left home.
My father was furious while my
mother released the resentment
she'd been holding
in for so long.
Inevitably, they divorced.
Throughout the early
years of my life,
I had only one thought.
How I should have
protected her more.
Both my mother,
and also my sister.
[YURI] If only I'd found
the courage to stand up
to their tormentor,
to keep them safe.
None of this would have
turned out this way.
What I truly wanted,
more than anything,
was to be like a
knight in the plays
my mother and I would watch.
A strong, noble man who could
have shielded them from harm.
But I knew it was merely
a childish dream,
so I kept it locked
away inside me.
Then, half a year after
my parents' divorce,
I discovered a world that could
make that wish come true.
[YURI] I wanted Hugo to be
the embodiment of everything
I idolized during my childhood.
A brave and valiant knight
who protected women
and defeated any danger
threatening them.
[CYCO]
Are you all right, Hugo?
Just lost in my
thoughts, I guess.
[CYCO] If it's bothering you
this much, we can still quit.
No, we can't. This is
the best course of action,
and will be far less
damaging in the long term.
We'll force this kingdom
to surrender now
and avoid a pointless war.
Besides, we're only
targeting Masters.
[CYCO]
But it seems so hard on you...
I appreciate your concern.
What I want,
and this is personal on
my part, is to help him.
[CYCO] I'll stand beside you,
whatever you decide.
[HUGO]
Thanks, Cyco.
From this moment,
I formally renounce the role
Hugo has been assigned.
[HUGO]
I was expecting you, Ray.
[horse whinnies]
[RAY groans]
[RAY] "No Master shall pass
beyond this point."
So, do you want me here
or not, Hugo? Answer me!
[HUGO]
I'm not entirely sure myself.
[RAY]
Tell me where your leader is.
[HUGO]
Just beyond the gate,
battling the Knights
of the Royal Guard.
Then kindly step aside, because
that's where we're headed!
And you're more than
welcome to pass,
but I can't let your
friends through.
Why is no one else allowed?
[HUGO] The boss wants to
fight you, one‐on‐one.
Do you mean Franklin?
How come?
[ROOK]
Go on ahead, Ray.
[gasps]
Before you say anything,
you've got more than enough
to deal with without worrying
about this side of the gate.
While you have your hands full
rescuing the princess
from Franklin,
I'll take care of
this one in your stead.
I know this is your friend
that fought beside you
the other day, and obviously
you want answers, but...
If you don't make it in time,
it'll haunt you forever.
So why're you standing there?
Hurry up and get a move on.
Thank you, Rook.
All right. He's yours.
I got this, Ray!
[RAY grunts]
What gives?
Ray, I apologize for going back
on my word, but let's duel.
An exchange of all‐out attacks!
[RAY]
Okay. I have so many things
that I want to say to you Hugo.
But that can wait. For now,
let's go with one attack each!
Merci, mon ami.
Motor Slash!
You've forced me to use
Counter Absorption!
Vengeance is Mine, Hugo!
He used it. Why?
Surely he realized he
needed to save an Absorption
for the fight that's to come.
But now that it's gone,
he'll be utterly defenseless.
I'm following the
plan I agreed to,
so then why is this
eating me up inside?
Why am I...?
[CYCO]
Because, for you, that was‐‐
[crash]
Apologies, but you left
yourself wide open.
[gasps]
Little Flare, fire!
[CYCO]
You coward.
[ROOK]
Coward? That's uncalled for.
I already said I'd be
the one fighting you.
It's your own fault you
got lost in thought,
so don't try blaming us.
[HUGO]
For someone who's Ray's friend,
you two are nothing alike.
You have a point there.
Maybe that's the reason
I admire him so much.
But that aside, I'm almost
positive I hate you.
Rook, that's the first time
you've ever said that
to another person!
Amusing. Are you sure you're not
being just a tad melodramatic?
Perhaps you're right.
But I do find you
absolutely loathsome.
You remind me of somebody else.
They're pompous
and unstable too!
You're not making any
sense right now.
[ROOK]
Are you sure about that?
I haven't the slightest
idea what you're‐‐
That's enough. Let's go.
I'll freeze you where you stand!
[HUGO] You're not getting
past me. I swear.
As a member of the
Triangle of Wisdom,
and as the thorn
that protects him.
I see. Well, in that case,
I'll use everything I have
to defeat you,
and then stroll on by.
Because I am Ray's friend, but
also for my own satisfaction.
High Pilot Hugo Lesseps,
accompanied by his
Embryo, Cocytus!
[ROOK] Rook Holmes, Pimp, along
with his Embryo,
Babylon, and his tamed beasts
Marilyn and Audrey!
Stand!
[HUGO]
May the fight....
[BOTH]
Begin!
[FRANKLIN]
All seems to be A‐Okay.
Its attacks are on the weaker
side, but that was expected.
We'll use the stack,
Sir Lindos!
[LINDOS grunts]
[LILIANA, LINDOS]
Grand Cross, activate!
[FRANKLIN] Not a bad attempt.
But in the end...
...utterly pointless.
[LILIANA gasps]
Impossible! You mean
that stack had no effect?
It might've been a different
story if you weren't
Paladins with your Holy
elements and swords.
Who knows, you may
have stood a chance.
Sadly, you're dealing
with the RSK.
He made it, he made it!
It's our boy with the
hero complex! Ray!
[LILIANA]
Ray? What're you doing here?
[RAY] I'm not a fan of children
getting kidnapped
and used as political pawns.
And since I'm here, might as
well beat the crap outta him!
[laughing]
I was just telling
someone the other day
Dendrogram was lacking
players who treated
the world seriously,
and lo and behold,
look who rides in atop
their trusty steed!
It'll make breaking you in half
all the more rewarding!
[RAY] You'll pay, Flamingo!
For your actions tonight,
and for what you
did to me yesterday!
[laughing]
Same goes for you!
Only my grudge goes back
to last week, fluffy ears!
[RAY]
"The Right Arm of the Victor."